Refactor Claim guide (#30)
galacticcouncil/HydraDX-docs: docs/claim.md

:::

<img alt="authorize" src={useBaseUrl('/claim/authorize.png')} />

After authorizing, you will be prompted to update the metadata for the Polkadot.js browser extension. This will allow Polkadot.js to create HydraDX-specific addresses which are required to complete the claim process.

<img alt="authorize" src={useBaseUrl('/claim/metadata.png')} />

### 01 Select your ETH address

In the first step of the claim process, you will be asked to select the account holding your xHDX tokens. This can be done by either connecting to your wallet holding the ERC-20 tokens (e.g. Metamask), or by entering your ETH address manually in the input box (in that case you will need to sign the message manually later).

After entering your ETH address, you should see the balance of HDX tokens you can claim, including the [refund of the gas fees](https://hydradx.substack.com/p/first-governance-vote) that you have spent for obtaining your xHDX on Balancer.

:::note

> Did you obtain your xHDX at some other place than Balancer, such as a DEX (Uniswap)? In that case, you are not eligible for gas refund.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you obtained your xHDX at some other place than official Balancer pool, such as Uniswap, or if you moved your tokens from the original buying wallet, you are not eligible for a gas refund.
```
